Hello World!

DURRELL: Today’s the day! The Circus finished setting up the tents last night. I can’t wait to see the show tonight!
AMANI: Me too, but I don’t think we have enough money yet to go.
MOTHER: Durrell! Amani! Before you go to the circus today I have some chores for you!

Receive two packages.

MOTHER : I need you to deliver this to Martha, the magic shop owner, and this one goes to the baker, George. 
Make sure you do these first before playing.
MOTHER: Also here’s some spending money for sweets. If you want to earn more I suggest you take a look at the message board. 
I saw several requests still up from yesterday. Remember to pick one that isn’t too hard for you. 
You want to be able to complete the task to earn the reward.
Oh, and can you deliver one more thing for me? I borrowed a rolling pin from the baker. 
Can you take it back to him? I believe he said he had something for you.

MARTHA : Oh thank you, dears. This has been a big help to me. There’s a circus in town. Why don’t you go check it out when you’re done?

BAKER : Thanks for returning this to me. Here's some money for your trouble.
My friend over at the Jewelry Shop can also use your help. Step out out the Bakery, 
then go all the way to the leftmost building that has a sign with a hat with two wings.

JEWELRY MAKER : I need ingredients to make my items. Would you get some for me? 
The Smithy usually delivers them to me personally but they've been
late recently. Can you go to the Smithy and find out what happened?
I’ll pay you in exchange. Just drop the items I need at the sign post.
By the way, there's a library somewhere in town. Why don't you go check it out
while you're helping me?

Swordsmith: Hello, Amani. Items for the Jeweler? You should talk to the Armorsmith
about that. I don't specialize in that kind of work.
Armorsmith: The Jeweler wants more items? I'm sorry, we haven't received our shipment
of metals, but a trade caravan did drop by recently. Try looking around town for the metals.

LIBRARIAN : This is the library. There are many different books you can read. Press [E] to read one.
We have several books in this library that are useful to young adventurers like yourselves. 
There are many maps and helpful tips on learning magic in them as well as the history of our world that you may find interesting.
If you're looking for a job, we may have something for you. Check the sign post nearby.

HELP WANTED: Stonewater Library is looking for an adventurer to retrieve stolen books from goblins. 

LIBRARIAN : Thank you for returning my books to me. Please put them back on the pedestals to read them properly.