Durrell: Today's the day! The Circus finished setting up the tents last night. I can't wait to see the show tonight!
Amani: Me too, but I don't think we have enough money yet to go. 
Mother: Durrell! Amani! Before you go to the circus today I have some chores for you!
(Durrell tags along with you.)

Mother: I need you to deliver Gem to Martha, the magic shop owner.
Make sure you do these first before playing. Also, here's some spending money for sweets. If you
want to earn more I suggest you take a look at the sign posts around town. I saw several requests
still up from yesterday. Remember to pick one that isn't hard for you.
You want to be able to complete the task to earn the reward. If you lose track, press Q to bring up your Quest List.
Oh, and can you deliver one more thing for me? I borrowed a rolling pin from the baker.
Can you take it back to him? I believe he said he had something for you.

Martha: Oh thank you dears. This has been a big help to me. There's a circus in town but you need
a certain amount of Resources to enter. Why don't you go check it out once you do?

Baker: Thanks for returning this to me. Here's some money for your trouble.
My friend over at the Jewelry Shop can also use your help. Step out of the Bakery,
then go all the way to the leftmost building that has a sign with a hat and two wings.

Jewelry Maker: I need ingredients to make my items, would you get them for me?
The Smithy usually delivers them to me personally but they've been late recently.
Can you go to the Smithy and find out what happened? I'll pay you in exchange.
By the way, there's a library somewhere in town. Why don't you go check it out
while you're helping me?

Swordsmith: Hello! Items for the Jeweler you say? You should talk to the Armorsmith
about that. Artisan work is more of her thing. Wait, didn't we receive our shipment already?
Armorsmith: The Jeweler needs more items?
(Having overheard your brief conversation, the Armorsmith blushes nervously.)
Oh, well...please excuse me. We actually haven't received our shipment of metals despite
what you've heard. Can you do me a favor too? Please find them and give it to the Jeweler? 
Maybe the items got scattered around town. Oh, and PLEASE don't tell the Weaponsmith about this.
I ordered those items personally...for reasons...
(The Armorsmith anxious checks on the Weaponsmith, who seems close enough to hear your conversation 
but is whimsically distracted by his work.)

Librarian: This is the library. There are many different books you can read. Press [E] to read one.
We have several books in the library that are useful to young adventurers like yourselves.
We provide books on the history of our world you may find interesting.
Also, we used to have many maps and other material on learning magic; if you're looking for a job,
we may have something for you regarding that. Please check the signpost.

Goblin Kid: Please don't hurt us! We just wanted to learn how to be successful adventurers ourselves,
and we saw a Library nearby. You can take the books back.

Goblin Kid: We meant well, we really mean it! Goblins aren't as bad as people make us out to be. In fact,
We have a teleporter down the the hall to your right if you want to go back to the Library! That's how
we managed to steal the books.

Goblin Kid: If you see the Librarian, please tell him we're sorry. 

Amani: Somebody is lying on the floor. Is he sleeping? He's covered in some kind of string and is holding
three parchments of paper with musical notes in it.
Durrell: A home without a comfortable bed is one mad house to be sleeping in.

Amani: (A dark tower. It's far away from here.)

(The Bearded Lizard stares at you before running around the forest freely.)
Amani: I had a friend who owned a Bearded Lizard named "Beardy". 
Durrell: I remember Beardy. He always kept getting out of his cage, and he finally did.

Adventurer trash! Those Goblin Kids deserved better!
Humans are all the same, greedy and prideful!
Shame! I hope I get to spit on your grave!
Don't come back! You're a hazard to us all!
Why did you kill my Gnoll bretheren? We just wanted to live in peace!

------------

Weapon Shopkeeper: My shop is closed due to the circus coming to town.
I sell Weapons. Come again after the circus leaves.

Bakery Girl: I work at the bakery here. The circus came by and I'm making a special order of pastries
for the townsfolk. Sadly I don't have any to sell since I ran out of ingredients!
Also, my pastries sold out. Sorry!

Jewel Shopkeeper: This fine necklace here costs 3000 Aurums. No Aurums, no necklace. In fact, the circus
came buy and bought ALL of the jewels here. What for is a mystery even to me.

Darrell: There's a few things we need to do first, Amani. We need to check some books out
from the library. Go toward the town gate, then to your left facing south, and you'll find the library.

Old Man: Heading out of town? Allow me to give you a few pointers...
COMBAT
When Amani travels outside towns, she will be ambushed in a random encounter.
The red gauge is the Action Meter. When it fills up, you have two attacks.
Attack is a melee attack, and Magic is a magic attack. Amani can use Fire
and Poison, while Darrell can use just Fire.
Choosing either option opens the Enemy to Attack menu. Choose your target,
then let Amani or Darrell handle the rest.
Old Man: Someday, when you have two runes, come back and find me.

Gold Test: You got 10 gold!

Librarian: My precious books! I had some books in the library that are useful to adventurers like yourselves, but goblins stole them.
Please find those books and stop them all!

It's a book on Runes. A goblin guarding the book readies his weapon.
It's a handbook for beginning Adventurers. A goblin guarding the book readies his weapon.
It's a history book. A goblin guarding the book readies his weapon.

Item Shopkeeper: My shop is closed due to the circus coming to town.
I sell Items. Come again after the circus leaves.

Magic Shopkeeper: I'm not selling Runes right now. But if you need to buy or upgrade Runes next time, find me.